Basic implementation of priority long vector exec tests. (#7320)
microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler: tools/clang/unittests/HLSLExec/CMakeLists.txt

file(TO_NATIVE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}" DOS_STYLE_SOURCE_DIR)
file(TO_NATIVE_PATH "${TAEF_BIN_DIR}" DOS_TAEF_BIN_DIR)
configure_file(ExecHLSLTests.vcxproj.user.txt ExecHLSLTests.vcxproj.user)

> # Copy the ShaoderOpArith.xml file to the output directory. It's used by the
> # exec tests and it's convient to have it copied here if you want to easily copy
> # the tests to another machine after building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copy the ShaderOpArith.xml file to the output directory. It's used by the
# exec tests and it's convenient to have it copied here if you want to easily copy
# the tests to another machine after building.
```
